no radical my name is Faye and today
inshallah i am gonna unpack my package
from scrape a key is the bunny suit that
i waited for average for them to restock
as you can see it's nice to be packaged
second thing it yeah so picking also
this back came with the packaging as you
can see it's really neon type of ish i
really think it's handy and the other
thing i got is basically dresses and for
the next piece it's basically a set of
two pieces a blouse and a jump skirt and
this is the last piece really will make
I'm going to start with this red dress
this is the bag it's really well
packaged so for the first thing I see
here I have this video's to cover your
arms trillium it will made actually it
has double layered and of course your
full soft place I really like this one
so this is how the dress looks like it's
pretty detailed actually will made it
has a zipper from the side this is
opened as well can be opened and this is
its resting detailed actually all these
are interesting details so this is a
long shot for it so you can see how well
made it is actually and the black as a
zipper as well and a lace detail and
this is the second dress first the
blouse it is a interesting material but
it has really beautiful design to it so
this is how the back looks like like a
sailor back you can see and this is at
the front you need to be ironed actually
and these are they bows from the front
blouse this is the sleeves some suit for
this
so it's really beautiful details but
especially the buttons so cute this is
the end it has a lace detail to it
pretty interesting material for me
beautiful this is the back as you can
see it has the same lacing detail if you
want to you know to shrinking it in a
little bit for your waist so this is the
first piece that comes and the one sit
jump skirt with a blouse really looks
beautiful and i'm going to show you what
it looks the backwater looks like it's
pretty interesting seller type and it's
obviously i can feel something inside so
it's not like one layer only so that
aside let's discuss the dress or the
jump scared sorry you can see the jump
skirt is sells it has pretty detailed
lacing on this one I don't know what
they deal with this but I think it's a
like a bow or something beautiful lace
detail down there beautiful buttons
actually beautiful buttons
and then this is the buttons for the
straps and let me show you the back
shall we there you go this is the back
it has a beautiful detail right here to
stretch if it does not fit you well
something like that if you are let a
thinner you can use this type of piece
to lace it down to your waist and this
is the third dress you can see the same
spree picky logo on I can till this is
full winter it has detachable bow you
can add it whatever you like as you can
see
let's see the dress shall we whoa it's
really heavy so this is the collar which
is the best thing about the dress
interesting they remove the tag
beautiful right so this is the bottom as
you can see discuss the buttons wear a
beautiful detail button isn't it
beautiful have a set of four and this is
the sleeves and it has a belt that you
can tie it up from the back it has of
course is zipper know if you can see
that this dress as I said before it has
a detachable ribbon you can place it
whatever you like this is the color from
the front and the buttons as i said the
beautiful detail on the sleeve and the
bottom as well and also it has a built
some material let's see the dress from
the back shall we so the back has a
central zipper zips until the waistline
and this is the caller from the back
with a square shape an interesting
detail right here so for me overall this
dress is so beautiful to be word of in
winter now we're talking about the boots
which took like almost a whole week just
to be
so looks like that so the beautiful
sheep something doesn't look like a
fluffy thing but more or less we have
the pompon cute so cute so you can see
the detail of the shoe this is ends on
so this is in size 38 I'm so cute and
has different size this one just to fit
your legs on side this is however the
inside looks like you'll see these are
the two boots here with the pompon and
it's made from a leather strap it has a
zipper from the side and the inner is
interestingly the same materials this
one and there's an interesting this is
very interesting why they did that thing
just to keep the things up so this is my
review for these little booties
lets me take you nearer to thee there's
two pieces that I've got
so cute
so it's really well-made actually silky
material nice finish with a bunny this
is the under part of it bunny and care
the pump on the end and it came with
this big belt matches the two pieces
that I got so cute so this is a close up
for the pieces that I got is a cute bow
the top the bunny force and this is the
back it's pretty stretchy so I think
it's going to fit any type of
circumference these are the top pieces
that you tie it up so this is the first
piece this is Nick piece which is so
cute big bill and it has a velvet
material so it's really cute now this is
for the bottom piece you have a bunny
ears since I would looks nice on the
back this is the part where you have
your tail which is detachable you can
see the button you can unbutton it and
you'll have a normal penny without a
tail if you want to wear it for like
under clothes or whatever I think that's
really cute I like it
so cute this is the back and now let's
talk about the prices and how long did
it take for me to order from spree picky
so i order as you saw five items i
bought three dresses and one underwear
and one boots for my order it was pretty
much you know it took like one day to do
the confirmation also the receipt the
receipt of ordered on April the second
2016 and I received as I say before boss
receipt and confirmation for my order
after that I've been in contact with
this pretty picky CC was the one who I
contacted and she was so sweet returning
my you know answering my questions and
so on so the problem in my order was i
ordered a cat these but they were out of
stock so she asked me if i can change
them into a bunny one and i did say it's
okay so after that I will reach out for
her again and she told me that it's out
of stock but they did a restock it like
in the you know in the end of april so
the boots basically took longer for to
process when I asked why they told me
that they do custom made but I think it
will deserve because it does fit me well
I did order it intentionally bigger than
my original size because its boot and i
would like to wear this type of boots
with tights and socks so I need to take
you know this is in concentration but
it's really interesting and the shipping
was very quickly I was surprised
for my shipping gets only took five days
to reach to my country so as I said
before my order was in the second of
april 2016 and i did had everything
shipped to me on the twenty-seventh of
april and of course i received it in the
second of May so only five days to reach
to my door I didn't have to win to go to
and custard office also I noticed few
things and my order that the dresses
it's really matching the descriptions
and I really appreciate that the
material of the dress is actually really
good materials overall I really
recommend buying from spree picky thank
you for watching